my pleasure to introduce to you your
speaker for today and his name is David
Egbert he's an expert in quick time at
BYU and he'll tell you all about how
quick times being used at BYU to enhance
the learning experience so David great
thank you a be welcome i appreciate you
coming today or I'm very excited to
share with you some of the developments
that we've been working on in
synchronizing media inside a quick time
as an introduction let's talk a little
bit about objectives of this
presentation I'd like to talk a little
bit about some of the best practices and
worst practices that we've encountered
in using synchronized media to enhance
the learning process and also we'd like
to talk to you a little bit about
providing you with knowledge and
resources necessary for you to be able
to create your own projects sometimes I
know at some of these conferences we
talk about all these great solutions but
no actually give you the opportunity to
learn how to do some of these things so
I'd like to focus on that today as well
here are some of the things that you
learn in this presentation we'll talk a
little bit about the benefits of online
synchronized lectures well talk a little
about the design process that the Center
for instructional design does in
developing some of these products we'll
talk a little bit about tips and
acquisition and in acquisition tips and
offering and tips and deploying some of
these products and lastly we'll talk a
little about a little bit about how to
author these materials in various
different solutions inside a quick time
we'll talk about quicktime pro smile
using hrf tracks and lastly live stage
professional of course this whole
presentation is brought to you by the
big blue cue a very powerful
architecture we really like what what's
under the hood and what's available for
us when we talk to you a little bit
about BYU the private university in Utah
currently enrolls about 34,000 students
undergraduates and admits about 7,000
new freshmen each year we also have a
continuing education area that toasts
about almost a half a million users are
hosts about a hundred half a million
enrollments in their distance education
and conferences that they did they have
as well and then there's the Center for
instructional design and we build all
the online content for both on-campus
courses and also for the continuing
education area the Center for
instructional design also uses students
extensively in the development process
it's a great learning experience for
them and they're very talented people so
we like to leverage the students in the
development process the challenge at BYU
like many other universities today is
that these are tough times and a BYU
there's fries on building new buildings
expanding our campus that way there's
also a freeze on hiring and opening new
positions on campus someone have to
retire or quit their job to be able to
open up a position for someone else
there's also freeze on student
enrollments we have a cap at 34,000 we
can't enroll anymore because of that
we're seeing increasing numbers of
applicants that are turned away each
year that number gets higher and higher
and we're very concerned about that also
freshmen are arriving much smarter and
expecting much more than in the past
being able to work with these students
is just amazing to see how bright they
are these days and they really have high
expectations of college so we have a
challenge the president's challenged us
and challenged the whole university to
think of ways that we can accommodate
more people on canvas and think of ways
that we can improve the student learning
experience through technology of course
our area takes that very seriously and
hopefully today you'll be impressed with
some of the things that we've found one
of the initiatives that we have on
campus to explore that challenge and try
to find a solution that that challenges
what we
the hybrid distributed learning model
basically what this is is that students
spend half of their scheduled class time
instead of in the classroom they
actually learn those lectures outside of
the classroom either at home on a
personal computer or in a computer lab
and then the other half of that a
classroom experience is actually in the
class where they have face-to-face
collaboration with their professor and
also with the rest of the classmates and
discussion we try to focus on more
personalized things in the classroom
it's been a very interesting experience
the example of using the hype that
hybrid distributed learning model is a
course called accounting 200 and this is
the this is the solution that they have
come up with it's an online lecture mode
allows the professor to go through and
sorry allows the students actually to go
through the lesson content instead of in
class I go to a computer get the
contents on the computer in a very
interesting experience this particular
class enrolls about 1200 students
annually the professor's work with the
Center for instruction was designed and
created about 50 hours of lectures on
six CD ROMs and this is now a commercial
product that other universities are
leveraging took about two and a half
years to develop and it took about six
figures of funding to get it out the
door here's the kicker software
requirements this thing only runs on
Windows basically there's no Mac OS
support and you have to do a few things
to get it work in windows XP it requires
internet explorer 5 plus at the Java
Virtual Machine and virtue and Windows
Media Player 6.4 28 it's not compatible
with nine it also leverages plastics and
above and there's some documents on the
CD that use acrobat reader let's look
take a look quickly at some evaluations
of this particular product did you
the CD of course lecture format of this
course to a more traditional format this
is what the student said at this
particular course overwhelming support
for this new online experience that the
students are using in the classroom take
a look at some more evaluations from
this particular course for this course
which format you think would be would
have a better would have been better in
helping you more effectively and
efficiently learn the core exam material
instead of yet to know here the yes
should save the CD format and then the
no should be the in class format so
again overwhelming support from the
students using this class to use the CDs
instead of the learning the traditional
methods of lecture format in class
here's another interesting question we
posed for the students would you prefer
the eight lectures on CD and then never
meet in class again this one's a little
different here we've got most of the
students saying no I still want that in
class experience and sort of validated
our our premise that this hybrid model
of having the lesson content being
learned outside of class but still
having that classroom experience that
personalized experience with the
professor in your classmates we think
it's a very important aspect in using
technology we don't want to lose that
personal experience well let's take a
look quickly at some of the student
comments it was convenient and flexible
student said I review difficult concepts
with norm the professor on my own time
very flexible the best reason why I like
the CD format it because I can go back
and see the lectures over again for
clarification here's another student it
allows you to go through at your own
pace if you didn't quite understand
something you can go back so this way
you don't have the problem of one of the
one kid in class always asking dumb
questions and wasting everyone else's
time
amen to that no questions right okay
here's some negative comments about this
particular product I have quite a few
problems with the technology and this
was annoying to deal with and when I had
to do now when I had to do the lesson
another student it's not quite as easy
to study off the CD as it is out of a
book sometimes students are just you
know the stereotypical student is so
technical savvy these days there are
students out there that would prefer not
to use the computer from the learning
experience it's another one it's hard
because you cannot ask a question for
clarification that's very true although
in some instances we've married this
with an online discussion area where the
students can ask questions here's
another one I was just frustrated that
didn't work on my home pc with windows
XP there's lots of technical issues fact
technical issues seem to be the number
one problem with these kinds of things
here's my favorite accounting 200 is not
Macintosh compatible this was a major
inconvenience you know accounting is
traditionally been a windows oriented
study unfortunately although there are
there are quite a few students now that
are using our books and Mac OS 10 on
campus and we don't want to leave them
behind let's talk a little bit about
compatibility problems now this is
unbelievable I just could not believe
this when windows XP was released it
just drove our department crazy we had
all kinds of technical problems support
issues to deal with in this so now we've
we have five pages of instructions on
getting this thing to play back on XP
you have to install real one you have to
install all java java applications and
you have to uninstall the Java VM and
then you get to follow a 40 step process
and you have to follow that process step
by step we're going to have to start all
over again to get this thing to run in
hindsight we simply chose the wrong
media architecture for this it was very
obvious to us that
using those various products we just did
not create a durable product so we have
a new project inside of CID the Center
for instructional design we need to take
a closer look at the requirements for
synchronizing lectures on campus we want
to look closely at the I we want to
create an ideal solution to easily
create cross-platform synchronized
lectures now what every project at
center for instructional design we of
course have a workflow and this sort of
outlines what's going on here the blue
box is on the on the right are the
personnel that's involved in a project
and of course the processes are outlined
in the green boxes so we have faculty
consultants on campus that go out and
find out the needs from from the faculty
they are that's our whole job is to find
solutions for the faculty and report
some of those things back up so if a
professor has a great idea like a
synchronized lecture they'll go and milk
route that the faculty consultant will
work with the faculty to create a
proposal that proposal goes to a
governing body called the portfolio
management team and they get to decide
yay or nay they measure that against all
the other priorities that we have and
the money that we have available if a
project gets approved it goes through a
design process at the start of the
design process we have a project team
that's a sign we have a project manager
and instructor instructional architect
an art manager and also technical
manager that are placed on that
particular team their job is to come up
with a proper design specification for
each project and to also work through
the production of that particular
project and also conduct usability and
the quality assurance and once the
professor once the project's done and
the professor signed off there's also an
evaluation process that is absolutely
critical to ensure that our materials
are actually doing the things that they
were designed to do so here's a spec
specifications most of the
specifications inside our media sync
project we need this thing to be
cross-platform we need full transport
control over that lecture we want to be
able to stop it at any point in time we
need to be able to rewind those kinds of
control we want an index that we can
navigate to specific points in this in
the lecture what of course sync slides
with the audio and/or video needs to be
compliant with accessibility standards
that's a very important point sometimes
gets neglected it also needs to have a
progress indicator that's scrubbable was
one critical feature request from the
faculty that some faculty wants to be
able to scrub and find it a specific
point let's see we also need to supply
our project these projects needed
support standalone lessons and or whole
courses it needs to be extensible about
to be able to break things up the
components or have one course and lastly
it needs to deploy on many different
delivery platforms including cd-rom DVD
ROM and the web well that sounds pretty
much like a job for QuickTime don't you
think some of the advantage of QuickTime
include cross-platform support mac and
windows and you can even get interactive
QuickTime running on Linux through the
crossover plugin tricky part there is to
get those Linux users to actually work
up some money to pay for the plug-in
twenty dollars sorry if I offended any
Linux users out there quicktime how
subtract based architecture which makes
it very easy to be able to repurpose
materials and put materials together
quicktime has impeccable impeccable
synchronicity basically must for the
most part synchronizing materials in
quick time is very solid occasionally
we've seen some hiccups now in the input
most parts very good quicktime has a
long history of cd-rom and web video
solutions there's all kinds of cd-rom
applications out there they're
leveraging QuickTime this is a big one
for us we wanted to support a single
plug-in not a happened Dustin this
applications that all could be a point
of problem we want a single plugin now
let's talk a little bit about some
disadvantages of quicktime the dreaded
install it seems least from the
administrative standpoint that seems to
be a big barrier what we found is that
students that's not much of a big deal
for students most for the most part
students don't have questions about the
install they're used to installing a lot
of different products on their machines
there are a few barriers for getting the
install process completed one is on
windows especially Windows 2000 XP you
need to have administrative access to
the computer to make the install and
sometimes when a student is using a
college computer and we might not have
administrative access so occasionally we
need to help people that we need to help
step people through the process of the
install this one's actually a bigger one
and that's the dreaded nag screen we get
calls all the time about this you know
asking us do we have to buy this upgrade
sometimes it can be difficult also there
are limited offering tools available
there's exactly we've been searching
quite a few there's just a handful of
tools that really do a nice job with
synchronized lectures and putting those
together we wish there were more and
lastly it's kinda hard to find some use
cases out there they're quite there are
a few that are popping up here and there
now but we couldn't find a lot of use
cases on using QuickTime synchronized
lectures so we decided to kind of forge
ahead and try to figure out what we
could we could do with this architecture
so here's the process that we've kind of
figured out on creating synchronized
lectures for ourselves we need to
acquire the slides of course we go in
and capture the audio of video of the
professor we synchronize those slides to
the audio or video we add an interface
we add a caption again the accessibility
issues very important to us we had an
index an index that we can navigate to
and then we prep those files for
deployment let's talk quickly about
some tips in each one of those areas of
course when we receive those slides we
need to convert those into something
that QuickTime can support and that's
very easy to do for us because QuickTime
supports all kinds of standard image
formats perhaps our favorite these days
depending on the image format is
probably PNG but depending on the case
Jeff works as well so does pick and jpg
if you're using X if using PowerPoint
this is an important one export your
PowerPoint slides to still images on the
machine that it was offered off authored
on and the reason for that is that when
you export those slides it's leveraging
the fonts right so you want to make sure
if you if you were to we ran up against
it's all the time and that is the
PowerPoint slides were authored on a PC
we take it in and put it on a mac and of
course they're using all kinds of
different fonts and so when we export it
on the max the spacing of the fonts are
very strange and all kinds of weird
things are happening so that's just a
tip to make sure you export here's
another tip you can actually on the
Macintosh if you export at picked it
will render those files some of those
files as vector-based and it will
actually go grab the font and display it
inside that still image and so for
Macintosh if you export is picked and
you want to make sure that they the
people that are viewing your product
also have that font keep things simple
again we usually use pink okay here's
some tips for some basic tips for
capturing the audio video here's your
tripod of course when you're jiggling
around that camera you're wasting all
kinds of pixels in the compression keep
it simple and also use a lavalier or a
close Mike you get a nice strong audio
signal that's very important you need to
prepare the lighting fact we strongly
recommend that you go into the classroom
or wherever you're shooting this
material and scope out the lighting
sometimes lighting is absolutely
horrendous and I could just throw all
your videos to go out the window
captured the tape we've investigated
capturing straight to a powerbook first
or another computer sometimes there's
little tiny glitches and you want to
make sure that you have that source
material so you can reuse that again
which strongly recommend that you use
tape even if you are trying to do some
live capture and live compressing
pre-processing and compression of course
we like you squeeze cleaner and now
there's compressor as well part of Final
Cut Pro they're all very good tools to
be able to crop your video be interlace
it and compress it into the bandwidths
that that you need all right I have the
instructors repeat the question that's
another very important issue a lot of
times students will be asking questions
and we just don't have the microphones
out you know with the students it's just
with the professor so have the professor
repeat those questions so it's it's
audible on the tape and this was sort of
a preference we really prefer to have a
formal recording session with the
professor again we can get the lighting
done right we can get the sound right
and there's not all kinds of
distractions like you know sometimes
that's not very practical but if at all
possible we like to bring them into this
into a short small little studio and
shoot them that way instead of in the
classroom okay let's talk a little bit
about indexing of course each slide is
going to need a timestamp right so
there's a few ways that you might be
able to do it this is a low-tech way and
actually works pretty well and that is
just having a student assistant in the
classroom and as the professor's moving
to slide around have the student notice
what time it is and mark it down on a
sheet we can take that information we've
have some apple scripts and some other
technologies that allow us to easily
synchronize those materials in high-tech
includes live stage professional life
States professional for now has a
synchronizer and i'll show you a little
bit here shortly on how to use that
synchronizer to synchronize the slide
materials with audio or video and
they're just maybe some other tools
coming out here shortly that might be
available that can facilitate this as
well
creating the caption how do you create a
caption right well what the caption the
low-tech solution is to have the word
processor and the your word document or
word processing document up and that as
you listen to the transcript you can
pause it do a command to a command tab
go right to their process or type it in
anyway that's the low tech high tech is
of course magpie can't really see your
hands out there but how many of youth
magpie before this is a free tool from
the wgbh that runs on Java so it went on
Windows and Macintosh it's an excellent
tool to create captions with and again
it's free what's nice about it is it
allows you to control the audio and
video while you're typing in the caption
and then after done you just choose
export and it exports to all kinds of
different formats it's a very good tool
so I would strongly recommend it will
check it out here's the URL to that
particular product there are also other
tools that are available out there if
you go to version tracker and type in
QuickTime caption you'll find all kinds
of different tools allow you to do that
one other issue here one of the nice
thing quicktime captions aren't only for
for the deaf click on captions can also
be searched i don't know if you knew
this but in the pro version of quicktime
there's a search feature we'd certainly
like to see that available for the free
version in fact we'd like all of you to
go ahead and submit a request Apple to
make that search feature available for
the free version this can be very very
useful especially in an education
setting when our square student won't
you know remembered something from one
of the lectures but can't really find it
they could pull it up and search through
the caption be very useful you can also
do this with wired sprites but
unfortunately there are some issues
they're still searching the Cashin
through required sprites and hopefully
those will be fixed here shortly
alright creating the interface this is
really simple just make sure that you
know it's in a image format the
QuickTime supports and I would strongly
recommend that you leverage layers and
I'll show you that here shortly on
creating an interface all right enough
we need to create a navigable interface
and to do this we can lever leverage
chapter tracks if you think about it
quicktime has the chapter tracks allow
you to jump to specific points it's
really nice because it always shows you
what chapter you're on right and when
you need it you can click on it and
navigate to the right one there's quite
a few different ways you can create
chapter tracks one is using Apple script
and I'll show you a demo of that here
shortly there's off of go live live
stage Pro you can also make a visual
index as well by using flash or live
stays professional all right put it all
together again we have many solutions
here so here comes the fun part let's
show you some demos here of how you can
offer this stuff right inside a
quicktime player pro you know thirty
dollars what can you do a quick time pro
so here's a demo when they're
transferred to this other machine right
here great here we go so here's the
devil that we're going to we're going to
create all right this is a professor
here's the accounting 200 professor
break and this particular let's go over
these here we go how questions reflected
here in this first problem the first one
was why is it counting sometimes
referred to as the language of business
great so we have the video and the audio
and the slides and the slide your sacred
I of course the audio we also have the
caption track down here if I wanted to
search for something let's see they've
change this used to be command F right
for find now it's command R for whatever
reason let's see
I think Prince's accounting I think he
talks about investing or something so
when I search for invest I found it
found investors right here and let's see
if I go under edit I can choose find
again and it will find that again and I
can just kind of go through the whole
piece and find all the different
excerpts that he's talking about invest
whatever is related to investing right
so please click also in this particular
in this particular project it has a
chapter track right and as this thing is
going financial accounting seeks to
provide information things going user
this wing Luxor Catherine track will let
me know what the Olympic I'm on to
management as I'm going through the
project external orifice going through
the lantern users of financial
information would be investment sorry
I'm going to turn this back up and sorry
I'm not supposed to do that okay let's
let's go through the process of putting
this together in quicktime pro 30 bucks
pretty cheap huh here we go we've got
our development folder here and what I'm
going to do here's the video we actually
shot this and compress it and beg for
and the first thing I need to do is I
need to i'm going to synchronize the
slides with the video ok so to do this
i'm going to take my slides and again we
exported the slides out from PowerPoint
into excuse me gift I'm just going to
I'm going to drag select all of those
come down here and I'm going to pop it
up inside a quicktime player all of
those single images okay here we go
great all right I'm going to move the
video file looks over here so I can take
a look at it I'm going to start with
slide 1 i'm going to copy that ok and
then i'm going to close it all right now
over here with the video window i'm
going to hold down the shift key and i'm
going to hit play and while this thing
is playing you notice that these little
sliders here will start to move and
they'll start to select a piece of the
video right so here we go i'm going to
hold down the shift key let's go over
the
questions reflected here in this first
problem the first one was okay that's
the first part of the slide now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to add that
slide that i copied straight to the
video right here by using ads scaled and
what that does is it actually adds that
slide to the selection that I selected
the piece that I selected okay now what
I'm going to do is if i type command B
it's going to move those selectors to
the point where I just stopped right ok
now I'm going to go back to slide to
copy that close it out so I don't have
to worry about that again and I'm going
to continue by holding down the shift
key and playing why is it counting
sometimes referred to as the language of
business well ok that's the next slide
so now i can use ad scaled again and it
added it I if I hit the the back arrow
key once this is going back one frame
and there's my slide now this is a
visual right but it's still available
and still totally possible to do this we
found in very short projects this is
actually a lot faster than some of the
other things that we've found so after
you go through the whole the whole piece
and synchronize those slides up just
using ad scaled to put all those
together the next thing we need to do is
we need to add an interface to the back
of this to do that I'm going to hide
this for just sec I'm going to go back
and i created a background image now
this was just created in unphotogenic
ate at a region here for the trait for
the transcript right and it's just a
still image so I'm going to copy this to
clipboard come back to my slides here
this time I'm going to select the whole
piece so I did the command a and then
I'm going to use that scaled again
and it added the interface to the whole
length of the lecture right now as you
can see here I don't see the video i
don't see the slides and the reason for
that is that when you paste a new
material when you paste new material
inside a quick time it always puts that
to the front and we need to move some
layers here so to do that you go under
the movie menu down to get movie
properties here we can have a listing of
all the different things that have been
added to this movie we have a soundtrack
and these two files here actually
associated to the soundtrack because
it's a HD audio here's the video track
and then these two video tracks here are
the first two slides that we added and
then this is the last video and this is
actually the background image sometimes
it's helpful is go ahead and select one
of those images and rename it and to do
that you just go to the general tab and
choose change name this is the
background looks great alright what we
need to do with the background is we
need to actually put that in back at our
video and all of our slides right so to
do that just come under the layer area
of quicktime pro and what we need to do
is is back this off and give it a high
number negative numbers go closer to
your eyeballs as you're seeing it and
higher numbers go further back into the
lair so there's we put that on layer 12
that'll be enough and you notice that
the video instantly popped up if we
actually go to the very front of this
video now we have our slide showing as
well now let's see the slides are kind
of in the corner here and what we want
to do is we want to put the slides in
the slide area well you could actually
go through every single slide and move
it to the right area or we found that if
you just move to the background and to
do that you just move to the size
property and for the background and
choose and click the adjust button that
will allow us to drag the background to
the area where we want it to go okay
here we go so we're just about there
how's that now we have all our slides
you could have 50 slides in there and
you didn't have to move
you just move the background okay so
we're done with moving the background
around now what we need to do we should
probably take a good look at moving the
video trip the video into that window
and so to do that I selected the video
track I'll click on the adjust again and
there it is hiding behind that slide I'm
just going to click on that and move it
around now you got to be careful
sometimes if you click one of these
sides whoa look out and sometimes it
wont refresh as much also you can skew
it and it'll play great that way too but
professor doesn't like that so okay here
we go so that's about where i want that
okay so let's just play it see how it's
going let's go over these questions
reflected here in this first problem the
first one was why is it County look at
that on George wisdom okay let's add a
caption to this right now look look just
like I addressed earlier let's see
here's what the caption looks like
quicktime has a text-based format for
text tracks you don't actually have to
author that inside a quicktime fact this
is just a bbbj edit X file and there's
some markup language sounds familiar
like HTML or something that allows you
to actually specify what's going on with
this text file and so here we we specify
dot size with what font we want to use a
justification it's all available inside
this text file so what what we like to
do a lot of times if it's a pretty short
piece we'll just open up our word
processor and then we'll go back to
quicktime player will play the language
of business played a song well
accounting is the language well a county
is or something and we just come back
and we'll type that in well accounting
is you know and then we'll command tab
back to their piece business because it
counting seeks to provide k accounting
seeks to provide and you just go and
write your transcript that way usually
once the transcript is done
then we'll go back another time and this
time around will open up our little
properties window again and then in here
if you go down to the time property it
will show you what time that you stopped
on so let's see let's let's go over
these questions we let's go over these
questions let's say we wanted to use
that as our caption for this particular
segment you'll notice that this ended at
40 34 seconds and three frames so now I
can come back here and i can add that
timestamp here too well let's go over
these questions okay so that was 403 so
I just go ahead and type that in and
just keep going down the list again
magpie actually does a much better job
and you don't have to worry about all
the time stamps and stuff so once you
get that done you'll have them you'll
have a movie it's ready to go I'm just
going to open that up in quicktime
player is our movie i'm going to choose
select all and copy it close it out i'm
going to go to the front of this movie
and this time instead of AD scales which
would scale that video clip to the
length of this looming i'm going to use
add instead what ad does is add just
adds it as a separate track now I'm not
scaling i want i want the synchronizing
nature of that text track to be absolute
so i don't want to use ad scale I just
want to use that so now you can see that
our text racks actually at the very top
here we need to move that down so again
I'll go under movie go down to text
track this time I'll go down to size and
we're going to just move that text track
down to the spot that we created in our
graphic for the text track great look at
that all right looking good okay so now
we have video we have synchronize slides
we have the caption track that's already
put in now let's add some interactivity
let's add that chapter track now the
easy way to do this that the least
expensive way is actually use Apple
script if you go to apple the Apple
script website there's a place
where you can download a set of Apple
scripts just for QuickTime and when you
install those and I believe with excuse
me with mac OS 10.2 you also need to
install the you also need to install
script menu which is available right
here now this is very interesting there
we go okay once you install that you get
the scripts and in the scripts menu here
there's what we call QuickTime Player
scripts and what we want to do is inside
the QuickTime Player scripts as a
chapter area where you can actually
create and edit chapter tracks just
inside of Apple script so here what we
want to do first is we want to we want
to create a chapter track in this
particular good time moving Sophie we
create that we need to pick the track
that we want to synchronize this thing
to and usually that's good to use unity
to use the soundtrack or the video track
so go in and create it you notice down
here now in this in the bottom right
hand corner we have a start menu that's
the first entry for our chapter track
now as we go through this piece let's go
over these questions reflected here in
this first problem the first one was ok
I'm going to back that up a little bit
here's another trick for you if you hold
down the command key and type the left
arrow it'll play this thing backwards
will not refer their decision ok
reflected here in this first problem I
think about right about there I want my
first chapter listing so what I do is go
into the scripts menu go to QuickTime
Player your scripts two chapters and I
want to add a chapter at this current
time so shows am i'm going to go ahead
and name this let's see you to see thank
you ok great now if we notice here we
have a start menu and when I select that
it go to the start and if I choose
thank you it jumps exactly that spot so
here's a nice low-tech way for you to be
able to create a synchronized lecture
right inside a quicktime player pro
excuse me okay let's go back to slides
please do you like that great okay let's
let's talk a little bit about href
tracks here's another technology you can
use right side a quick time that the
video is actually controlling some
webpages and you can do it this way as
well and so that could power but I know
these guys in the back you're really
nice to me I'm driving them crazy here
okay so let's look at H rep tracks and
how we would put this together let's
show you a final product here an arrow
this is what an HR rep track lecture
looks like let's go over these questions
reflected here in this first problem the
first one was why is the counting
sometimes referred to as the language of
business now with this one we got that
all familiar chapter track here and i
can jump to a specific spot you notice
when i when i go to that area and i'll
hit play here in order for you to make
an intelligent in uniform in I those
lives which by the way mini leather guy
here do we've got a brain here or dart
of the video or instead of brain by your
comp content of their stock investment
but if you're going to try and be a you
know make an intelligent informed
decision you've got to get some
information at least understand
something about the company that you're
investing in looking at what its current
financial position is and so here's
another way that you can use QuickTime
to be able to control lectures so let's
let's go through the development process
of how you can put these together and to
do this you need to use go lives so
let's go through a project here i'm
going to open up the index file really
quickly and give you an idea what this
looks like so first i have an index file
and in here i have specific
frames right I have a frame for the
video I have a frame for the content and
if you could also have a frame for
navigation probably won't deal with that
today but we'll just deal with these two
these two frames here so in the in the
content frame of course you've got
whatever your first slide is and again
this what makes this nice is that you
can go into PowerPoint and say hey
export my slideshow as a web page and
will automatically create all those web
pages for you right another nice thing
about this particular solution is that
web pages can be extremely lightweight
much lighter than graphics so if you're
just using text leveraging cascading
style sheets this can be a very good
solution okay so there's the content
window let's look at the video window
again we've got this this quicktime
movie embedded into web page now some of
you may not know that Goliath has a very
good quicktime editor in it if I double
click on this video it's opening up my
QuickTime movie inside of go live and if
I click on this of show timeline window
button it actually opens up a timeline
here's a timeline of my QuickTime movie
now let's add some additional
interactivity to this particular
QuickTime movie I'm going to move my
palette over here if you slide your
objects palette over one there's a
hidden quicktime palette there that have
all kinds of cool things you can add to
QuickTime movies we're going to add two
things first we're going to add a
chapter track so if we just drag that
chapter track icon down there it creates
a chapter track and if you select on the
checker track name let me just move this
inspector over a little bit it gives us
a gives us the opportunity to change
that that's the name of the track if
you'd like and give this kind of a
timestamp what's going
if you select the sample which is down
below this is where you can actually
create through chapter tracks so we're
going to start with the start okay and
then you can play it down here then I
copyright it was reflected here in this
first problem the first one was ok so
right about there is our first where we
want our second chapter track so to
create an additional chapter listing you
can just come under here under this
divided sample over here and just click
in this area and now let's create a
second sample here we can let's see this
is Shazam right great and you can just
go through your whole piece and create a
chapter track going through all the
different areas right okay now here's
how you would create that a trip track
this icon here is 48 h rep tracks and
it's very similar so here let's see what
so i'll have to back it up here a little
bit look there we go so this is almost
the exact same process first you come in
here and if you were to select the h RF
track it gives you the opportunity to
type in a URL to wherever that slide is
contained right and this is very
important this target area if I were
just to leave this link alone what would
happen is as that QuickTime movie hit
that first href listing would actually
replace the movie what we need to do is
have the content be replaced in that
content window and so if you click this
button here it kind of shows all the
different frames that you have in your
initial web page and we have we actually
named our content window the content so
we'll use that and then this is the
other important parameter you need to
select and that is auto load what that
means is as its movies playing and when
it hits that new href track it's going
to autoload that that web page in
the content frame so just make sure that
selected now once you have the first
selected you can go through again and a
lot of times you find that the slides
are actually synchronized with the
chapter track which is synchronized with
the href track so i can see visually
right here in this area right here where
shazam start i can just line that right
up go to my divide tool divide it up and
then rename that to slide too great and
i can just keep going linear linear now
i can just go down the linearly Wow go
down the hole quicktime movie and just
chop it up as I go so that's basically
using an h RF track alright let's see
let's go back to slides
ok so we've talked a little bit
quicktime player pro we've talked about
HR cracks now let's talk about smile how
many of you have used smile before ok a
little bit handful ok smile of course is
a markup language right a lot like HTML
except it has a time parameter and
quicktime is actually a nice player for
smile and so now we're going back and
i'm going to show you how to put
something together and smile here's what
a smile lecture looks like inside a
quick time
let's go okay the question was why do
you smile well smile allows us to keep
the content separate from the
programming language that's behind it
allows us to easily repurpose things
because smile is a text-based format so
we've got databases that can render our
smile files on the fly really easily
just allows us since it's text-based to
really easily edit what's going on and
you can see in this particular example
that we have some additional
functionality and that is we have this
text based navigation right sitting
right on the screen sometimes students
like to see that kind of see what's
going on what they can anticipate a
little bit so you notice also that we
still have our chapter track here which
is something that's totally supported
inside of smile let me show you what the
back end of this thing looks like okay
oh I just have to prove you that I can
actually click through some of these and
okay great so let's open this up and I
can kind of show you what's going on the
back end it's this presentation smile
file here okay so there's different
components inside a smile file that
you'll need to be aware of the first
part here at the very top is smile
specific and and QuickTime specific
parameters when you open this up for
example I've set autoplay the true and I
said yeah I want a time slider at the
very bottom and immediate expand she
ation means that everything is
downloaded at once and then I also have
checker track listings here and there's
different modes of putting it the
trackers anyway after that we have the
header section just like a web page
right and in the header section we have
metadata that allows us to name the
title of the movie so when you open this
thing up it actually displays that name
we can put author and all kinds of
different annotations in here as well in
the layout area this is the area that we
get to specify what content gets
displayed in what area of our lecture
and so you'll notice here that we've got
an area for the backdrop which includes
the whole
dimension of the movie we've got a
region just for the video goes in the
top left-hand corner we've got a region
for the slides of course and we have a
region for the transcript now the
navigation that text navigation that you
saw is a little bit more tricky inside
of QuickTime what we ended up having to
do is go ahead and specify a region for
every single line and the reason why we
had to do that is that you want each
line to have an anchor tag or some way
to click on it and do something right
and so we had to break up unfortunately
the text there fortunately it is taxed
and it's pretty easy just to go ahead
and add copy and paste and put those
down in or use a database and
extrapolate that these materials
together so also there's a little tiny
dot that tells us you know what topic
that we're on and so again we had to
break that up into separate portions
finally we get the body of this is the
content of what you're seeing on the
screen and you'll notice here that we
have the image source which is the
background and it's actually associated
to the region that's called backdrop and
so this is where you get to take the
content and tell us what region you want
to put it in right and this part tag
here means that to anything inside these
tags is going to be parallel or meaning
that it's all going to play together at
the same time you notice down here after
we put in the background and the video
and the transcript which also be playing
at the same time we have a sequence tag
and what that sequence tag means is that
we're actually going to start playing
these things in sequence we're going to
add a timestamp to it and that's where
the slides are displaying at those
particular times right in fact after
that we have another parallel tag and
we're actually showing the slides and
that little pointer at the same time on
the window so basically that's a smile
file down here is our navigation and
here's the
actually using QuickTime text you notice
here the QuickTime text markup language
that we're using to embed that in there
so it just reads the QuickTime text
unfortunately smile is a standard of
course right and there's different
players out there that can play smile
files the problem is that each smile
player leverages different video and
audio formats so it's very difficult to
create something that's complying with
all the different products and this is
case in point that the text here is
QuickTime specific text unfortunately so
let me just show you that one more time
and show you the functionality of that
so again here's the metadata that's
showing the title of the window we've
got we can navigate through the
different areas here and we can also use
the chapter track the one cuz why is it
counting sometimes referred to as the
language of business into one solid
piece actually quite a nice way to use
the lectures okay let's see let's go
back to slides quickly
that particular smile file was created
in be beheaded I've actually found that
go live does a pretty good job of once
you've created the initial framework to
bring it in to go live and it'll mark up
the text with colors that makes a little
bit easier to deal with some of the
things there we're actually
investigating in using some web
applications to create some of these
things marrying being able to offer some
things to the web pull it up grab
timestamps throw it in a database and
then output the whole final product just
from a web database not quite there yet
wouldn't be able to show you that today
but the possibility is totally there all
right let's move on now we're getting to
some things a little bit more exciting
let's take a look at live stage
professional how many of you have have
had the opportunity to take a look at
live stage okay so good we've got quite
a few here that's good live stage is an
authoring tool specifically focusing on
leveraging the interactive nature of
QuickTime there's all kinds of really
cool ap is on the back end of QuickTime
allow for interactivity and so live
stage will allow you to create a
synchronized lecture with all kinds of
enhancements that we have been able to
do before it so without further ado
here's the here's an example of a
synchronized lecture done inside of live
stage again very similar to what you've
seen before except that this time around
we have mouse over on our navigation
index and we also have the cursors
changing to a hand which is sometimes
makes a lot of sense to have helped the
students out knowing that hey this is
really a button so again if we just
start this off financial accounting
seeks to provide information to the last
question was what is jee AAP or gap well
gap is generally accepted accounting
great you get the idea how many of you
have used the synchronizer inside of
live stage we've got crickets no we got
two or three
here great well live stage 4 has this
new feature called a lot of the
synchronizer it allows you to
synchronize these materials right in
style right inside of live stage let me
show you how to do that really quickly
here all right to do that we need to
create I've kind of got a shell here
I've already got my video and I've got
my you can see all the tracks are listed
I've got video I've got a sprite track
which is the sprite that's displaying
exactly what topic that you're on and
that gets changed through time I've also
got the navigation right in this area
that's a sprite track of course and
those are using separate images to swap
in and out as you use the mouse over
I've got my text caption and soundtrack
and here's my here's my soundtrack what
I first need to do is go ahead and I
need to create a new pitcher track so
here's my picture track and i'm going to
call this slide great i'm going to leave
that out there okay now if I go down and
I select the sound portion you'll need
to use the sound when you're
synchronizing this stuff if you just
select video it's not going to select
anything oh let me back up one last
thing before I do that I'm going to
select the sprite track and remove that
I'm going to move my slide over to this
area here and I'll just reach I'm just
changing the dimension so it matches my
slides there we go great so now if I
select the soundtrack I come up under
the movie menu and go down to media
synchronizer pulls up this window it
already has the soundtrack that I had
selected and right now the sink source
is set the background what I want to do
is set that to slide now if I go over to
my library in my local library I have a
folder full of slides if I grab all
those slides bring down just drag them
into that window oh sorry one last thing
we need to be on edit mode i believe and
we'll just drag those to the
though okay one last time well let's see
I must have forgotten something anyway
let's try this real quickly
interesting well demo gods are not with
me today I know that there's a way you
can add all the slides at once and then
from there you get to just you can set
the end point on the first one it'll
automatically start the audio clip and
as you go down through the whole section
you'll be able to set the out point of
that particular slide you just keep
going down with your slides as you're
listening to the content makes it much
easier to put these materials together
Paul apologize for that ok let's just
continue on with slides ok let's talk a
little bit about deployment options of
course cd-rom and DV Rama our number one
choice right now seems like a lot of
students still don't have broadband at
home if you can believe it so cd-rom
seems to be our best solution so far
also this of course progressives web
download just throw these video
synchronized video clips on the on a web
server and students can grab them from
there also there's real time streaming
we can actually put the video on audio
on a real time streaming server and
deployed these lectures that way as well
so let's talk a little bit about some
tips for cd-rom and DVD ROM development
there's actually a couple different ways
that you can put these materials on it
and on a DVD and deploy them the first
one would be to actually embed all of
these materials in a web format so a lot
of times to avoid that that nag screen
will put all these materials in our
webpage on web pages and create a web
interface and then burn that to our DVD
or CD there's an application out there
for Windows that allows allows you to
actually auto launch a web page and it's
called shell out that we found very to
be very useful it's free and here's the
URL that you can grab it from but this
allows you to do is on Windows it'll
automatically launch your initial read
page so the students don't have to go
searching around on their hard drive
trying to find this thing it's a very
good product that we've found to be very
useful of course when you're building
web page
you want to build in some kind of quick
time checking mechanism to make sure
that they might make sure that the end
user has the right version of quicktime
and there's various solutions out there
if you're using live stage this is a
very good tutorial on using QuickTime
checking routines for the web and also
for all sofa quicktime player you can
also deploy your materials just through
quicktime player itself in fact live
stage for now has a deployment tool that
you can just select from the file menu
thing export this to cd-rom and it
creates it uses this kickstart program
to actually automatically check to see
if the if QuickTime is installed on the
clients machine and it's not a launch
the QuickTime installer that you've
license from QuickTime and put on the CD
it's quite it flicks that up and really
like that and there's some custom
solutions to we've been investigating
runtime revolution which is an excellent
product that could do the very same
thing and other products are available
for director type applications as well
so let's talk a little bit about web
development a lot of professors really
prefer this method because it's so
flexible right they can easily submit
changes the students can download these
lectures and burn them PD if they wish
that takes that cost of creating those
cds away from away from the professor
and for students it's not a big deal
right it's possible to prevent it's also
possible to prevent downloading some
professors are very concerned about
students ripping off their materials and
not let them to use them inside a live
stage of course there's the technology
there that allow you to prevent
downloading of those those QuickTime
lectures online and lastly we here we
have our tsp we have real-time streaming
deployment it's a little bit more
technical it does allow for instant
access and so if you have a lecture that
an hour long and you'd like the students
to be able to get to the you know 45
minutes into the lecture without having
to download the initial portion of that
quicktime lecture
real-time streaming is a good solution
for you real-time streaming is a little
more sensitive to bandwidth issues so
it's not quite as forgiving you know if
on a downloadable QuickTime movie you
can the QuickTime movie will pause allow
you to wait till you have more of a
movie downloaded with real-time
streaming you know the QuickTime movies
trying to drop packets like crazy if you
don't have enough and so you get a lot
of a worse experience okay and of course
real-time streaming isn't quite as
portable because the video and audio
reside on a real-time streaming server
and the slide text and graphics need to
reside somewhere else either on a cd-rom
or a web server so it's not quite as
flexible most again most professors
enjoy having it as one package that they
can just move to a CD or the web or on
their hard drive wherever they need it
so we're just about done in the spirit
and Apple presentations there's one more
thing and i want to show you and that's
time skill modification this gets really
fun the human brain can comprehend
speech up to about 600 words per minute
right some professors can be a little
long long winded and a little bit boring
not defending anyone ever okay why not
speed up the presentation right this
technology has been around for quite
some time in fact the accounting 200
course that I talked about earlier as
used product called emails that's
available just for Windows student
feedback has been very positive first it
requires the students to focus they're
not just watching the video at one speed
they're watching the video at one and a
half two times the speed two and a half
times the speed the students love this
by the way because they can just focus
and get through the content so again
we've had lots of positive feedback from
the students and we've had some negative
feedback as well and most of those are
technical issues you get up to two and a
half and you know audio is garbled it's
really hard to understand it's hard to
install things like that
so let's do it in quick time let's go
back to the slides back to the powerbook
please okay so here we go let's see then
tada in our secret folder we have we
have a lecture here let's go over these
questions reflect the gear in this first
problem the first one was why the
counting on behind your first level of
that well accounting is the language of
business because it comes alright let's
crank it to two here we go it
communicates for those who are
participants whether making investiture
crackers or managers they need
information is accounting fraud confirme
to serve to the base for any of these
dishes as we came the second question
was what did finish for coming as
opposed to manage 30 count I can both of
these categories that are coming are
involved with finder provide information
incision is who they buy that
information to wrangle techniques
provides information again all the
navigation so where I didn't measure
concern in essence in the fact can you
get that you have to focus can you make
that well it's pronounced like winter I
think about making the best of the
doctor kissing you you find okay now
what you can buy the stocks of a lot of
different companies even if you're
focusing on being a little strange
ignored add to one that's because
technology business but there's a lot of
businesses they're great alright so
we've got all kinds of interesting
feedback on that well thank you thank
you very much Texas slides please what a
great greatness of technology on
students really really like the speeding
up the lectures it could save them all
kinds of time and it really requires
them to focus on the material what's
interesting about this is that the test
scores first the test scores haven't
changed at all throughout measuring from
when they did traditional test and
traditional lectures it moved it to the
CD the test course didn't change and now
they're using this this new method and
the test scores still haven't changed
what has changes the time the professor
needs to spend in class and the time the
student spends learning the materials so
it's been a really fascinating
experience so to wrap up like we just
have a quick summary
here quick time is definitely a viable
solution for synchronized lectures and
it doesn't have to cost you a million
dollars or whatever it could be very
simple it can be a very easy solution
for you there are many different ways of
course to create them and we've outlined
some of those here we do need more
applications to make this a lot easier
so if you're a developer think about
creating some products for education
this could be one that could be a killer
product I guess here's some additional
program of sessions that are available I
just only recommend checking out the
advanced interactivity and QuickTime
Michael shafts going to be doing that
I'm sure it'll be just a killer session
and all kinds of other interesting
sessions on using QuickTime and let's
see here we go oh let me back up one I
got this quicktime alternative
programming environments is going to
talk a little bit more about runtime
revolution some other products they're
out there that you can incorporate to
make cd-rom and other interesting things
i highly recommend that one as well so
here's some contact information if you
have any questions about this there's my
email address feel free to contact me
I'd be happy to share and then also
Guillermo Ortiz see in the audience he
might be here as well to answer some of
the technical questions on the Apple
side and here's some more general
information of where you can find some
of these things if you check out the
also the little quicktime page they're
not Judy and Robert are in the audience
but they have an excellent page on
updated information on quicktime I'll
send them a URL where you can check out
some of this stuff online and Oh more
don't miss some of these other
interesting things are going on of
course check out the content development
lab and some of the lab hours